SPHINX_VHDL [FEATURE]: Add autodocumentation for groups of ports and generics. (#5)
CESNET/sphinx-vhdl: doc/source/directives_detailed.rst

            QWORD_SIZE : float     := 32.0
                Because why sink when you can float?

.. rst:directive:: vhdl:constants

>     Used for documentating constants. Has one rquired argument; the name of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Used for documentating constants. Has one required argument; the name of the
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Used for documenting the constants. Has one required argument: the name of the
```

>     architecture being documented.

Reviewer 2: documented architecture.

    Example

    .. code-block:: rst

        .. vhdl:constants:: UART_RX

            MEM_ADDR_WIDTH : :vhdl:type:`natural` := log2(ITEMS);
                Address width of memory
            ADDR_WIDTH     : :vhdl:type:`natural` := MEM_ADDR_WIDTH+1;
                Address width

.. rst:directive:: vhdl:package

>     Used for documenting packages.

Reviewer 2: tohoto si nevšímej, koukni na tu suggestion pod tímto komentářem :-) :-D

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Used for documenting VHDL packages.
```

    VHDL sources describing the target entity.  See  :ref:`autodoc_usage` for
    further instruction on how the source must be set up.

.. rst:directive:: vhdl:autoconstants

    Automatically generates a documentation for an architecture's constants. 
    Has one required argument, the name of the architecture whose constants 
    to document. For the automatic generation to work, the 
    :py:attr:`vhdl_autodoc_source_path` configuration option must be set to 
    point to a valid directory containing VHDL sources describing the target 
    entity.  See  :ref:`autodoc_usage` for further instruction on how the 

>     source must be set up.

Reviewer 2: ...

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Automatically generates documentation for an architecture's constants. 
    Has one required argument, the name of the architecture whose constants 
    are to be documented. For the automatic generation to work, the 
    :py:attr:`vhdl_autodoc_source_path` configuration option must 
    point to a valid directory containing VHDL sources describing the target 
    entity.  See  :ref:`autodoc_usage` for further instruction on how the 
    source must be set up.
```
